scroll depth (#573)
plausible/docs: docs/metrics-definitions.md

Shows the devices used by your visitors. Devices are categorized into desktop, mobile or tablet. This is derived from the User-Agent HTTP header. The full User-Agent is discarded. Metrics are shown as the total number of unique visitors and as a percentage of all visitors.

## Scroll Depth

> Shows the percentage of a particular page your visitors have reached on average.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Measures how far visitors scroll down a webpage. It represents the percentage of a page’s total height that visitors have reached on average. ```

> Measures how far visitors scroll down a webpage. It represents the percentage of a page’s total height that visitors have reached on average. ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Measures how far visitors scroll down a webpage. It represents the percentage of a page’s total height that visitors have reached on average. You can learn how we calculate it [here](http://plausible.io/docs/scroll-depth).```
```

> Measures how far visitors scroll down a webpage. It represents the percentage of a page’s total height that visitors have reached on average. You can learn how we calculate it [here](http://plausible.io/docs/scroll-depth).```

Author: @metmarkosaric yeah, that's correct. in general, we tend to keep more (technical) details out of the docs by default. we do sometimes surface some details (see for instance this on how locations work: https://plausible.io/docs/countries#how-location-reporting-works) but this is more if we notice that something is unclear and/or people are asking. so i say we keep this info in mind and add it to the docs at a later stage if it turns out that simplified docs are not clear enough

> Measures how far visitors scroll down a webpage. It represents the percentage of a page’s total height that visitors have reached on average. You can learn how we calculate it [here](http://plausible.io/docs/scroll-depth).```

Reviewer: Sounds good
